# atlas-bluebonnet-films-and-photos
A starter app for hiring actors and creating films and photo shoots. 

This app is designed for individuals which would like to make private films that are not for resale. This app allows a user to provide payment to an actor or actress. The actor or actress in turn provides acting services to the user. The user is the film maker. The app allows for the user to not only make the film or photo but also to store it in a private film library. It further provides separate access to the actor or actress which can use the app to view the library of films that they have been paid to act in. 

This app could be expanded to allow for contractual agreements between the purchaser and the actor or actress. These could in in turn include provisions for public sale of the films and royalty payments made to the actor or actress. 

Another possible expansion of this app could be a third party filmer or data collector. This would expand the app to allow access to three separate categories of people. The first is the user who would like to make a film. This person would be responsible for providing payment to an actor or actress and also payment to a crew which is responsible for the actual filming of the scene. The second category of user of this app I just describe as the "crew." This group of users is responsible for uploading the scene content. They could have actually filmed the scene on location, using a remote controlled camera or even generated the scene based on metadata about the behavior of the first category of people (the ones who want to make the film) and the hired actor or actress. The third category of people I just described as actors and actresses. These individuals are responsible for performing the film maker's scene act. In turn the film maker (first category) is responsible for providing payment to both the crew and the actor or actress. 
